Moomba is well-known for adding twists
and turns to authentic food from across
the country and those are is one such
recipe which is highly experimented with
so in this episode I'm gonna make miso
masala dosa which is popular on the
streets of Mumbai so let's see how I'm
going to start with heating a dollop of
butter once the butter is melted I'm
going to add some curry leaves finely
chopped onions I'm sure you're wondering
why am i cooking the onions and
everything in a pan separately generally
the filling is directly made onto the
dosa but there are two reasons why I'm
not doing that one you have to use a lot
of butter and second they use a very
thick pan which normally everybody
doesn't have at home that's why I make
the filling separately once the onions
are soft I'm going to add some finely
chopped capsicum deseeded and finely
chopped tomatoes green chillies salt
ities sambar masala cook these mixtures
of the tomatoes are nice and soft some
coarsely mashed potatoes all you've made
the aloo Wadi you can even add that
smash everything a little bit and I'm
also going to add some coconut chutney
and coriander leaves mix it well and the
filling for the dosa is ready
[Music]
I'm gonna taste it for the seasoning
it's perfect now let's just make the
dosa eat a flat pan for at least three
to four minutes on the flame and now
let's get it off the flame let's spread
a ladle full of batter on the pan turn
the spoon in a circular motion let's get
the pan back on the flame and on high
flame cook the dosa always remember to
clean the pan after making every dosa it
also helps in bringing down the
temperature of the pan once the batter
dries out a little bit I'm going to
spread a little bit of the butter some
of the filling I'm also going to add
just a little bit of butter mix it
properly with the filling and spread the
filling all around the dosa grate some
cheese if you like let's get the dosa
out
[Music]
let's flip it over and I'm also going to
garnish it with a little bit of cheese
let's get it out on a plate I'm going to
continue making these lovely dosas since
my crew members are very hungry now that
you know how easy it is to make the mess
or masala dosa why don't you take this
Mumbai Street food to your own kitchen
till then subscribe to the channel see
you next time ciao
[Music]
you